Proposal of Final project
Our group plans to implement an online ordering system as our final project, which allows customers view every dish and order their meals online.  There are mainly two reasons for us to implement such a system. 
Firstly, most of us are new to the states. As not being native, everything is strange to us at the first several months. We have no idea to make orders in restaurants even we used to be quite familiar with these dishes in our own countries and it is quite embarrassed when getting surprised by the outlook and flavor of the food we ordered. To avoid this, it is essential to implement an online ordering system, which allows customers view what dishes look like before making decisions and place orders.  In addition, placing order online and asking home delivery will save a great deal of time. Due to such motivation, we come up with this initial plan to implement an online ordering system.
Secondly, our ordering system is supposed to provide web service to let user view all the products and make their orders through webpages, as well as to let administrators check order status and do delivery. To implement such a complex ordering system, we need not only a strong database to enrich the content of system, but also an exquisite outlook to attract more attention. One significant part of what we learn from web technology and standard is how to build a website with the various functionalities. Several web standards we have learned will be involved in our project, like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Besides, we also plan to take advantage of PHP and MySQL to complete some functions. According to the requirements of this final project, one of the possible project ideas is to develop something in web standardization that is related to E-business and web service. Our project just meets these requirements. Hence, we choose this topic as our final project.  In addition, we are planning to add some interactive parts in our system and it will make our project more attractive

Our project is based on several standards: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, linked data and PHP.
1.	HTML
HTML and CSS are the fundamental technologies for building Web pages: HTML for structure, CSS for style and layout.
HTML is the language for describing the structure of Web pages. With the standard of HTML, we are able to publish online documents, retrieve online information via hypertext links, and design forms for conducting transactions with remote services, for use in searching for information, making reservations, ordering products.
In our project, with HTML, we can describe the structure of webpages of online ordering using markup easily. 
2.	CSS
CSS is a language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts. It allows we to adapt the presentation to different types of devices, which is important for different preference of users.  CSS is independent of HTML and such separation of HTML makes it easier to maintain sites, share style sheets across pages, and tailor pages to different environments. 
As mentioned, we are going to design an exquisite outlook of the system to attract more attention and this will mainly based on CSS standards.
3.	JavaScript
A script is program code that doesn¡¯t need pre-processing before being run. In the context of a Web browser, scripting usually refers to program code written in JavaScript that is executed by the browser when a page is downloaded, or in response to an event triggered by the user.
Scripting can make Web pages more dynamic. Here, with the help of JavaScript, we are able to add plenty of cool functions into our system. For example, without reloading a new version of a page it may allow modifications to the content of that page, or allow content to be added to or sent from that page.
Some dynamic factors may be added in to our project and JavaScript is the standard we will obey. 
4.	Linked Data:
We will use MySQL as the database in the final project and it is based on the Linked Data standard. 
To make the Web of Data a reality, it is important to have the huge amount of data on the Web available in a standard format, reachable and manageable by Semantic Web tools. Furthermore, not only does the Semantic Web need access to data, but relationships among data should be made available, too, to create a Web of Data. This collection of interrelated datasets on the Web can also be referred to as Linked Data.
To achieve and create Linked Data, technologies should be available for a common format, to make conversion access to existing databases.  And here, we use MySQL as a tool to support our databases. It is also important to be able to setup query endpoints to access that data more conveniently and MySQL can do this. 
5.	PHP.
PHP is a server side scripting language. PHP files are just like HTML files, but they can include both HTML and PHP code. Web server parses PHP code when the page is accessed and the resulting output is written as HTML within the Web page. When a user accesses a PHP page, his Web browser only gets sent the HTML code, since the Web server has processed the PHP code in the background. Most PHP pages are processed so quickly that it does not noticeably slow down the loading of the Web page. Basically, PHP are used to output "dynamic" HTML that changes according to things the server knows about. The "output" of PHP is HTML that is sent to the browser and rendered accordingly. It allows dynamic content to be generated each time the Web page is loaded, based on the variables included in the PHP code. 
We will use PHP to realize the communication between customers and server, including passing parameters, change status.
